Revisit create use case guide (#95)
superfaceai/docs: docs/guides/add-new-provider.md

- the service provider name
- where to find its servers
- how to authenticate against those servers

> - list of integration parameters specific for the service provider

Author: Thanks. I added links to glossary.

Some providers' APIs span across more URLs, or have different API versions hosted on different base URLs. In those cases, you should define multiple services.

> You can use integration parameters in service base URL. This is for example useful when providers have the same service deployed in multiple regions and region is part of the base url: `https://{SERVER}.mixpanel.com`. Integration parameter has to be enclosed in curly brackets and it has to be defined in the list of parameters.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
You can use integration parameters in the service's base URL. This is for example useful when providers have the same service deployed in multiple regions and the region is part of the base URL: `https://{SERVER}.mixpanel.com`. Integration parameter has to be enclosed in curly brackets and it has to be defined in the list of parameters.
```

- `in` must be set to `query`
- `name` is the query param name that holds the API key (e.g. `accessKey`)

## Integration parameters

> Define list of integration parameters specific for the service provider. Examples of integration parameters: region where is API deployed or API instance ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally define a list of integration parameters specific for the service provider. Integration parameter can be, for example, region where the API is deployed or an API instance ID.
```

However this seems somewhat redundant with the explanation above and a glossary entr for integration parameter.

Author: I omitted redundant description and added link to glossary.
